JAVA QUESTIONS SET

1. create simple API/service for create/update the user
2. using one controller/method make the create/update the user
3. how to validate the fields saying that user-id cannot be null, length of phone number should be 10 like that
4. JPA repository - entities
5. @Configuration @Bean
6. any idea on Devops
7. reactive programming
8. Do you have experience with Data JPA?
9. How does your Endpoint look like (API)?
10. Custom validation on model eg name length phone number etc.
11. How do we print an error response to an invalid input from a user like HTTP status 400? This field is mandatory, or phone number length must be 10.
12. Global Exception Handlers concept.
13. Write an entity class for a customer object having parameters (name, id) that combination to be a composite primary key how will I show that in my entity class.
14. How will the corresponding JPA class look like?
15. Write a custom query (eg. for getting the count of customers active)
16. You have 2 databases both using Data JPA. How will you ensure which repository connects to which Database. Because at runtime we don't use any connection object.
17. You have a list of customers. Write a code snippet to filter customers having age less than 25 using JAVA 8
	features.
18. How you configure Database, how you will manage environment specific properties. (Eg like dev will have different databases, production will have different database)
19. Write a controller class for the update/create API. Write a single API that takes care of both.
20. What processes are involved after a code is committed.
21. What tools are used for the vulnerability scans, what we are using to take care of the third-party jars.
22. Tell me about your process through your code check-in. Tell me all the steps involved from code local to the final stage.
23. When do you go for array or arraylist
24.How do you remove duplicates from the List.
25.How you implement the spring application
26. Your API getting timed out it takes more than 15 sec. How will you solve the issue for the users.
27. write a java function to check whther a string is pallindrome.
28.Using Streams, fetch the the third largest salary from the list of employees details.
29. Test driven environmennt
30.Solid design Pattern
31.kafka basic
32.concurrent hash map
33.code deployment till production
34.production deployment
35.Implement an API from scratch to get a list of data
36.Implement an API to search an object by passing any identifier(like details of product by passing product name)
37.Asynchronous programming used in project
38.what is DNS
39.Messaging related info
40.Design patterns used in project
41. Event driven programming
42. HTTP status codes
"43.Tell me about your project and skills.
44. For which client you have worked.
45. How you are hendeling the authentication and authorization for downstream applications.
46. What you used for authentication.
47. My roles and responsibility in the project.
48. What you use for asynchronous call in spring boot.
49. How to achieve asynchronous calls in java.
50. How to prevent the deadlock."
51.If you must read Oracle dB data and update MySQL. How will you do it in a single Post call of a controller

What is the role and responsibility in your project.
last project design architecture.
How to interact Angular to your REST Api.
What is react programming.
How to communicate two diffrent microservice like Service A and B.
How to achieve asynchronous calls in microservice.
What is kafka and How to use in your project.
What is synchronised in multi therd.
How to handle request in API getway.
What is spring security and how to use in your project.
Where you deploy your microservice.
Details naming convention of REST Url.
How to handle exception in asynchronous programing.
Shashi JAVA 8 features
AWS public vs private cloud
How do you communicate between microservices (synch / asynch). How do you integrate your microservice,
i.e how microservices gets called by other
what is serilization / deserialization
Write the sum of the integer as output pseduocode
Kafka concepts.
design pattern usage in microservice to solve the problems
Lambda expressions


1. What microservice pattern you have used?
2. How microservice connect another service?
3. How you are deploying microservice?
4. How to add new funtionality to the existing serviecs?
5. How to ensure that API request call will not fail in microservice?
6. How to secure that microserice architecture?
7. What is Actuator? what is the advantage of it? Which Spring cloud config server you have used?
8. How you are giving different config properties in Microservice code?
9. What is the deployment process of new service into Server? How to disable one server or use one server with spring boot?
10. What all Java& features?
11. Synchrilized collection and how it works.
12. How to delete from a collection in syncronize environment?
13. What is deadlock? How to avold?
14. What is threadpool?
15. Have you worked any database?
16. What is WebFlux? Have you worked on any reactor programing in project?
17. How you connect Database from Java? Few question on JPA
18. Write a code to print the string without duplicate element (Eg String s = "sarath")
Wina code to print the string without duplicate element (Eg Strings "sarath")
Create a new HashMap without using existing collection.
19. Example: String s = "bcda": Please sort the string without using predefined existing collection or method.

Panel Questions
Java Springboot: No programming but give controller programming questions
Kafka:
Microservices: for developing application, what is used?
API related hands on knowledge
Design Patterns: Have they submitted any design patterns in their project?
Database used (Minimal exp required): SQL
day to day activity
involvement in requirement change
how many database use
write API URL from front end (configuring)
spring boot what use sop module and JP
how will u implement JP
syncronous/async messages
in spring kafka how do u handle serialization/deserializatiori in kafka
spring security
Do you know Microservices Architecture?
how you are interacting with one to another microservices?
how you would to secure call in microservices?
If JWT then how would you use?
Apache/Kafka? why do we use?

Programming Questions
1) Int 345: Get the first digit and last digit of interger and print sum of them? what will be best approach to solve this?
2) Write a code to print the string without duplicate element (Eg Strings "sarath")
3) Create a new HashMap without using existing collection.
Example: String s = "bcda"; Please sort the string without using predefined existing collection or method.
4) syncronize collection and how it works? How to delete from a collection in syncronize environment?n
5) Remove Duplicates from ArrayList ex: List = [1, 10, 2, 2, 10, 3, 3, 3, 4, 5, 5]
6) You have a list of customers. Write a code snippet to filter customers having age less than 25 using JAVA 8 features?
7) write a program to Print Fibonacci Series?
8) write a program to check whether string is pallindrome?
9) write a program to reverse a string?
10) integer a=1,b=3,c=2 find min and max num from integer? approach? write custom logic?